"Execute something in dist-git" example (#743)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/actions.md

Please note that `%changelog` expects dashes in a changelog entry, but the dash
would be interpreted by `echo` as an option so we need to quote it.

-----

> If you want to execute something in a different directory then you need to specify 
> all the commands inside the same directive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands default to upstream git repo as a working directory. If you want to change it (to a dist-git repo for example), spawn a shell and change the directory as the first command:
```

Author: I also wanted to mention that upstream is the default execution dir but this is not always true. So I tried to be more generic, since this paragraph is not strictly related with propose_downstream and pull_from_upstream.

Reviewer: Ok, then something like this:

```suggestion
If you want to change the working directory of a command or multiple commands, don't do this, it won't work as expected:

```yaml
actions:
  post-upstream-clone:
    - cd /tmp
    - touch test_file"
\```

Instead, spawn a shell and change the directory as the first command:
```

Please note that `%changelog` expects dashes in a changelog entry, but the dash
would be interpreted by `echo` as an option so we need to quote it.

-----

> If you want to change the working directory of a command or multiple commands, don't do this, it won't work as expected:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be aware, that commands do not share the working directory.
So, if you want to change the working directory of a command or multiple commands,
don't run `cd` as a separate command as shown in the following example.
This won't work as expected:
```

```yaml
actions:
  post-upstream-clone:
    - cd /tmp
    - touch test_file"

> \```

Reviewer: Sorry, I had to add the backslash there for the suggestion not to end too early.

Instead, spawn a shell and change the directory as the first command:

```yaml
actions:
  post-upstream-clone:

>     - bash -c "cd ${PACKIT_DOWNSTREAM_REPO}; touch new_file_for_dist_git.tmp"

Reviewer: I'm thinking if we can make both examples equivalent. It's not really possible to use `cd ${PACKIT_DOWNSTREAM_REPO}` in the first one, because the variable is expanded only in a shell and wrapping `cd` in `bash` is obvious nonsense. Do you think it's fine like this?

Author: I am not following you 😅

Reviewer: This is nonsense, because `cd` in a subshell only affects that subshell:

```yaml
actions:
  post-upstream-clone:
    - bash -c "cd ${PACKIT_DOWNSTREAM_REPO}"
    - touch new_file_for_dist_git.tmp
```

This is not a good example, because `PACKIT_DOWNSTREAM_REPO` wouldn't be expanded:

```yaml
actions:
  post-upstream-clone:
    - cd ${PACKIT_DOWNSTREAM_REPO}
    - touch new_file_for_dist_git.tmp
```

I just thought it would be nicer to have both examples do the exact same thing, just the first one in a way that doesn't work in practice. But I guess it's fine like it is :slightly_smiling_face:

Reviewer: Yes, but ideally this wouldn't be needed and people could just write:

```yaml
actions:
  post-upstream-clone:
    script: |
      cd ${PACKIT_DOWNSTREAM_REPO}
      touch new_file_for_dist_git.tmp
```

We have an open issue for that: https://github.com/packit/packit/issues/1641
